hey guys snail here and I'm on this
impossible game let's do this all right
I Canyon the walk I can gonna do friggin
barrel rolls and lips but no no good
nope nope nope all right this free
and you can feed AG the ground no no no
they slipped on banana
come on this game is impossible
oh I'm moving I'm moving I am going to
do this for an hour is there a record is
our high scores and I do this for now
yes I'm going to do this for an hour
what just happened I think the guy died
there you go I'm not not no no no no yes
this is how you do it QW fall with the Q
W and a little bit of oh just in case
you fly back is how you do it there we
go I don't know what kind of people made
this game but i'll put a link in the
bottom no no no no no no no no poke me
nurse gotta be kidding
it's someone that finds a video on
youtube of him working walking perfectly
i I don't know every nope step 14 man
take a step 24 women rights oh one step
for one step for man Oh do a barrel roll
nice Jimmy uh-huh no no we slipped off
Havana that didn't even count how is he
supposed to
no what was that oh we know what these
are
there we go go go so are we gonna even
was negative let's try negative oh let
the tippy toes hey show again tippy toes
no hey show you again no this is pretty
funny to play with them please Paul I
just wanted to keep you to know all
right guys know your barrel let's go
come on come on yeah buddy all right so
full if you can beat frigging twelve
point five meters put it put in the
comment and please comment subscribe and
thumbs up just me up no no
hey try to keep it out okay then check
one more time to fargo bank there we go
there we go oh no nobody what are you
wearing looks like telly tubby what is
that wouldn't stop woman yeah see you
guys subscribe thumbs up and comment
thanks